I haven't once doubted that we would win.
But right now, I distinctly want to...
hand you a crushing defeat.
All right!
One more point! One more point!
Go! One more!
Ugh, it hurts.
This seriously sucks.
Don't come in planning on being a decoy.
Come to a stop and then jump straight up.
Oh, by the way, when you're going against a spiker one-on-one,
you generally don't stand in front of their body.
Center yourself on their dominant arm instead.
Getting too comfortable can be scary.
Even the deviant fast attack that we thought was unstoppable can be stopped.
Yeah!
Damn it! One more time!
Did you just change where you were going to block?
So you noticed?
Not bad.
Tsukki! Block some balls for me! Okay?!
He's not just being calm. He's concentrating.
Not on how the match is going,
but probably about what he's going to do when he gets back.
Tsukki!
The glasses guy from Karasuno's back!
It's too late. The match is only one point away from over.
It's not over!
Tsukishi—
The bleeding has stopped.
They immobilized the part that was dislocated.
Because it was my pinky, it shouldn't have much effect.
That basically sums it up.
I guess the day's finally come where even he would beg me to put him in.
Is Kei okay?!
Um, he hurt his pinky, so they taped it to his ring finger and immobilized it, and apparently he can keep playing.
But I'm pretty sure...
the pain hasn't stopped.
I bought you some time.
Though, to be honest, Yamaguchi actually bought more time than me.
Well, thanks for your honesty.
One more point! One more point!
It's probably going to be a jump float serve.
We need to move up slightly.
If we can stop them here, it'll be Asahi's turn to serve next.
Give us a good serve, Yunohama!
Daichi!
All right!
If they didn't have that guy, Karasuno's defense would be even more full of holes than it is.
Nice receive!
All right!
He predicted what I was going to do.
Looks like that's not going to work anymore.
What a time to do a setter dump!
Good!
Though the stress is killing me, damn it!
We're counting on you, Tsukishima.
Well done.
The fact that you were able to play normally under this amount of pressure is impressive.
Right!
Tsukishima!
Look at you, making a hero's grand entrance!
Um, about the three-person block...
Not phased one bit, are you?
Tsukishima!
We're counting on you!
All right.
Now both Tobio and Kei are back.
Time for the counterattack!
We're gonna get through this!
Yeah!
I doubt you would, but you don't need to hold back.
If you don't think I'm going to, then don't say it.
And I won't.
Shirabu.
You remember our promise, don't you?
Will you be able to use me mercilessly no matter what?
Yes!
I really hate having to serve at the end of the match while being behind.
Please land this serve!
Don't hold back!
Be aggressive!
Give it everything you've got, Asahi!
I'm surprised by how reassuring it is that they all have their backs to me.
All right! Bring it!
Yes! Yes!
Give it to me!
Again?!
Go, Wakatoshi!
His right hand!
This is so stupid.
I'm not Hinata.
Why do I want to fight to the very end?
I hit it!
Whoa, he managed to stop it again.
What happened to Four-eyes?
At our first practice match, I thought he was just a tall guy that was slightly intelligent.
Nice, Nishinoya!
We can score here!
Ushijima!
A delayed timing attack from the right.
We're going to open it up!
It's in Nishinoya's field of vision.
Nice receive!
I'm surprised he's able to make these quick decisions while still being able to instruct others.
Asahi!
Tsutomu!
Nice!
Finish it off!
Again...
He's going to spike it.
Three spikes in a row from Ushiwaka!
It bounced off the net!
Yes!
This is our chance!
My legs are so friggin' heavy!
Don't give up on me, legs!
I'm going to spike it!
Tsukishima's doing a broad jump?!
He's faking!
He's figured me out.
But I managed to gain them a few fractions of a second.
Th-That's two points in a row!
All right!
We did it!
They're at a match point!
One more point, and they'll beat Shiratorizawa!
I think they might just be able to do it!
We've been pressuring them ever since Kei came back!
Go, Karasuno!
I guess it's no surprise that Shiratorizawa took a timeout.
Karasuno really is versatile.
I've never seen Four-eyes do a broad jump, even if he was just a decoy.
We can't easily abandon a near-perfect delayed timing attack,
and Shiratorizawa's not going to change their style of perfecting individual strengths.
That's why we're called powerhouse schools now.
Who would've ever thought you'd set us up like that!
But Karasuno probably doesn't have a style they need to stay true to.
I'm so happy, Tsukishima!
They may've had one when they were a powerhouse school.
Hey, take every chance you get to sit down and rest, no matter how small!
So they don't hesitate to try new things.
They even gave up that miracle-like superhuman fast attack immediately and turned it into something new.
The old and dependable Shiratorizawa...
The new and reckless Karasuno...
Either one of them winning is going to piss me off, so they should both lose.
You really are a piece of shit.
Could you stop calling me a "piece of shit"?!
It's either that or "shithead."
Well, then I guess I choose "piece of shit"!
Don't let up 'til the end!
I'm sure all of their legs are at their limits by now.
It's obvious why for Ushiwaka, since he's spiked it so many times,
but for Karasuno's offense, they've done more running approaches than spikes.
That may look like a lot of needless movement,
but that's the primary factor in how Karasuno's offense is prying through Shiratorizawa's blocks.
Since Tanaka, Azumane, and Sawamura have been playing this whole time,
I'm sure they're past their limits by now.
Nishinoya, are you okay?
Yeah. I've been able to rest here and there, so I'm okay.
Ushijima's scored around 40 points.
He scored almost half of Shiratorizawa's points all by himself.
And that's despite the fact that we always have someone on him, and some of the sets have been hard to hit.
I knew he was good.
I knew that,
but Ushijima Wakatoshi is beyond impressive.
Ushijima.
When you said to set to you whenever possible,
you meant while you were still useful, right?
What?!
Hey, I don't know what's going on, but how could you say that?!
That's right.
Let's go.
Fire it up, fire it up, Karasuno! Get it, get it, Karasuno!
If volleyball was a one-on-one sport, we wouldn't stand a chance against Shiratorizawa.
We're smaller, and our attacking ability falls short in comparison.
But there are six of us on the court.
We don't have to work miracles to win.
We'll stick with our concept until the very end!
We're going to punch our way through!
Yeah!
This is as far as we can help them.
We've both used up all of our timeouts.
You can do it!
Focus!
Let's stay calm and score that point!
The next time you step off that court... Yeah!
...return as victors!
Give us a good serve, Asahi!
Here comes that take-no-prisoners serve!
End it here. End it with this serve!
Yes!
They did—
All right!
Such a waste!
Sorry!
Shake it off!
The serve toss was fine, but my footwork was a little sloppy.
And now, Ushijima is serving.
Sorry.
Shake it off!
When we get back, they're gonna do a hundred serves.
Neither side is holding back at all!
That's lucky for us, but it's also a waste.
I mean, it's all for naught if they mess up.
But just hitting a powerful serve puts pressure on the other team.
Huh?
A jump serve is a very risky way to serve.
But it's not about picking between a guaranteed serve and a risky serve.
Instead, a good team is one can do a risky serve right here and now.
A team that chooses that kind of serve when it's all on the line is a team that can improve.
Of course, it's better if they don't mess up, and it's obviously great if the other side messes up,
but it's valuable just to take that chance,
as long as they keep that in mind!
All right!
Reon!
Wait for it. Wait for it.
Gimme!
Ushijima!
He held back!
He hit it over the block?!
All right!
That was more about timing than height.
They jumped up to block a bit too early.
I'm sure the fact that everyone is so tired and impatient is a factor,
but more importantly, Ushiwaka's mid-air form makes it look like he's floating.
And if you have good form, you have an advantage in mid-air.
What the hell?
Do the concepts of stress or being out of stamina not exist to Ushiwaka?
He's definitely some kind of monster or mutant, but the name we're the most satisfied with...
is that he's a "super volleyball freak."
Give us a good serve!
Bring it!
Sorry, it's short!
It's good enough!
Bring it on!
Perfect!
All right!
It's rare to be so small yet be a core piece of the offense.
He's almost like the Little Gia—
Bigger will always be better.
That's how nature works.
Give us a good one, Kageyama!
Go, Kageyama!
Give us a good serve!
We're counting on you!
It's good.
This is it!
If we score here, we win!
Here's our chance!
Jump in the direction that smells like the pleasure of victory!
I...
want to use my forty years of coaching...
to deny you,
Karasuno's number ten.
Psych-tori knows it all!
All right!
Nice block, Tendou!
Tendou!
Karasuno's number ten is being a lot quieter than usual.
He's thinking.
He just got shut down at a deuce in the final set,
and since he can't waste time being sad, he's thinking about his next move.
Shake it off! You'll get it next time!
Right!
Makes me sick.
Hold it together, guys.
We'll end up with a good rotation eventually.
Go, Tanaka!
All right!
Yes! Just one more point!
Please! Land this serve!
Here we go!
Reon!
Got it!
Yes!
He wasn't able to jump.
Looks like number ten's legs are about done too.
You jerk!
Forgive it, Hinata!
Karasuno's moving through willpower alone at this point.
Wakatoshi's in the front row now, so this is our chance to score twice in a row!
Here we go!
You want consecutive points so bad that you can almost taste it.
Yet the moment you get them
isn't always so dramatic.
I know.
I know that it's going to fall right there,
but my legs won't move!
Nishinoya!
All right!
Nice spike, Asahi!
What the hell was that?!
Wow!
Thanks, Nishinoya!
Karasuno can depend on me!
But there are also things I can't do.
I know I'm asking the impossible,
but even if your thighs split in half, I'm counting on you guys for the mid-air battles.
Right!
Yeah!
I'm counting on you!
Right.
We've used up all our options for player substitutions.
But right now, the setter's in the back row, and there are three attackers in front.
Give us a good serve, Hinata!
There are two attackers in back, one of which is Hinata's super-fast back row attack.
This rotation is perfect for attacking.
If they can only find a chance to...
With Nishinoya out and Sawamura in front, their ability to receive is also lacking.
Everything is riding on the blocks.
Hayato!
I landed it.
Hinata, swap places with me!
Delayed timing attacks don't work against Four-eyes.
So we'll just have get through the center with sheer speed instead!
They're going for the center?!
When you have a brilliant ace, their very existence is a brilliant decoy!
Go, Taichi!
Hear me out, Tsukki!
Kuroo yelled at me and told me to do read blocking again.
But don't you think it feels better to be able to shut down your opponent, whether it's by luck or is just a hunch?
That does feel good, but I hate the ball getting through even more.
If you go for the ball, even if your reaction is a little late, it won't get through cleanly.
That sounds like something you'd say.
You probably think it's better if you look cool, don't you?
You just don't get it.
That's the problem with little kids.
You're only two years older than me!
Listen up, kiddo!
Read blocking takes persistence and endurance, but it's also...
the style of blocking where you get the last laugh.
I touched it!
It almost seems like Tsukishima's reaction time is even faster since he came back.
The point of read blocking against a fast attack isn't always to stop the ball, but to get a hand on it.
The glasses brat has gotten by this whole time just by following the ball.
It wouldn't be unusual if he'd gotten used to it.
You can score here!
There's no other... ...choice... ...but to...
...attack!
A minus tempo...
back row attack!
Go for it!
Hey, stop shaking your knees.
They're doing that on their own! I can't stop it!
Quit it, you jerks!
You get it, right? Since we came this far...
...we won't hand our opportunity over now!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"A Battle of Concepts."
Got a wish that can't be forced through
Barely hanging on and staying true
With a little help from timing and your crew
You can still stay standing
Wanna take the fight head-on
Might get lost, but keep on keeping on
'Cause that's where your chance lies
The rest is up to you, yes
The rest is up to you
Make your dreams and ideals come true
Or sit tight and let the future pass on through
The rest is up to you
You ain't the luckiest of guys
And you ain't anywhere near wise
The winds of change are too bright for your eyes
But you wanna have all the luck
Stuff all the wisdom junk in your trunk
And live holding your head up high
The rest is up to you, yes
It's all up to you People might call you naive
And say you're not doing it right
But the rest is up to you
Don't lose your way, and push on anew
It's all up to you
Light a fire in every cell of your body
By taking a deep, long breath
Turn your blood and tears into offerings
Carry a torch fueled by your desires
And scream out at full volume Let there be light
With a prayer for the future, start your sprint
Let there be light, use the dark as your runway
And sprint through the path you chose
Let there be light, believe in the glory within your grasp
And run headlong into the despair in front of you
Let there be light
There is only one reason I kick the ground
It is so I shine brighter and soar higher than before
Let there be light, so that your brilliance of today
Shows your friends who are lost The way to the future
To those who bear the cross of their dreams
The warriors who seek eternal glory Let there be light
Episode Nine: The Volleyball Freaks
Episode Ten: A Battle of Concepts
Shiratorizawa                   Karasuno
Be Courageous Warriors Be Courageous Warriors
Shiratorizawa                 Karasuno
Shiratorizawa                    Karasuno
Shiratorizawa                Karasuno
Be Courageous Warriors Be Courageous Warriors
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy !!
!!
Haikyuu Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu